===
Basic Use
===

When constructing a web map from a published service, it is possible to customize the viewing experience by changing the layer style, labeling and other aspects.  Once the viewing experience is configured correctly, you will likely want these changes to persist when referencing the source layers on future maps.  For instance, the county zoning and taxlot maps share several common sources.  It would be repetitive and error-prone to repeat the server-side configuration independently for every new map, but it is not always possible to include all the necessary information for building the map in the service definitions of the source layers.  The solution employed by this package is to use template web maps to define the server-specific view settings associated with each layer.

----
Terminology
----
A **web map** is a server-hosted ArcGIS map build from published services.  When you upload source data onto the server, this creates two new files stored in your user account, a Service Definition and a Feature Layer that should have the word *hosted* in parenthesis following the file type designation.  Selecting the Feature Layer will load an overview page describing the contents of the file, and on the sidebar will be a series of buttons showing user options like Share and Export.  The top button on the sidebar offers to open the file in Map Viewer, and in fact this creates a new web (called `Untitled`).  This web map is a unique view of the source data, and changes made to this map will not affect the source.  Clicking on the folder icon and selecting "Save" or "Save As" will only record changes to the web map.  To save changes to the source layer, it is necessary to click on the options button on the individual layer in the map, symbolized by an ellipsis (...).

Although it is possible to share web maps between users, the most common way to share map is using a **web app**, which is a web mapping application that references an existing web map as its source.  On the overview page of a web map, you can create a new web app referencing this data by clicking on the "Create a Web App" button, which will open a construction wizard, allowing you to choose an app style from a set of pre-defined templates.  Not all web apps are designed equally, and all the features of a web map might not display on every app.  The web app controls aspects like the background color, positioning of the company logo, and formatting of the legend.  Depending on what aspect of the viewing experience you wish to alter, you may find yourself having to alter the web app, web map, or source data.  These are the three points of contact for adjusting the user experience.
